Lin Jingyun, you bitch
It's all because you left me with nothing
Gu Beichen, let me go
Your family has become what it is now
It's your own fault
What does it have to do with me?
What does it matter?
Lin Jingyun, if you hadn't placed a thousand sets
Let the love words not drill
I am still the only king
It is possible that she will also become a maternity owner
Because of you, I have nothing now
I'll let you try it today.
The taste of losing everything
What do you want?
Let go of your little mouth for me
Get out of here
Otherwise, I'll call someone now
Call someone today even if you call the commander-in-chief
No one can save you
Did you listen to Lin Jingyun? I didn't expect it, right?
We can still meet
Let's end things between us today
You want to kidnap me, didn't you expect it?
You are so smart
That's right, we're going to tie you up today.
You dare, the gang won't let you go
Concubine Li is nothing to him
Lin Jinyu can't save anyone today
Talk to him and tie him up
What are you doing?
Let me go
Lin Shaojie doesn't want him to die
I'll go back and tell you Rifu